This founder joined me to share the
exact marketing strategies he's using to
grow his SAS to 5 million ARR and
beyond, including one channel that's
driving 95% of his signups and revenues.
We talk through everything, the highs,
the lows, the experiments, the
learnings, so you can fast track your
SAS's growth, learn from his mistakes,
and start driving signups, demos, and
revenue. Let's dive into it. Hey, Vasco,
welcome to the show. How are we doing?
>> Hey, hey, thank you so much. Doing
great. Uh, glad to be here. It's It's
always a good time meeting with other
founders.
>> Yeah, likewise, man. Good to be chatting
with a fellow B2B and SAS SEO nerd. So,
we're going to be diving into a $5
million and beyond SAS SEO strategy. And
we're going to be diving into all of the
different strategies really that you've
used. Some have worked, some have not,
some you tried, some you failed. Yeah,
exactly. I get that the highs, the lows,
the ups and downs that running a SAS
actually looks like without the kind of
sometimes too polished version that you
might see on channels like LinkedIn or
YouTube where everything looks great but
us as founders know that there's many
ups, many downs. So I suppose if you
could give a quick intro to kind of your
SAS, what it's about just to give some
context for folks watching or listening
in.
>> Yeah. So our SAS is called Arvo. It's
basically a SAS that helps you do SEO uh
a bit faster. In essence, it doesn't do
any magic. Okay? It just leverages AI to
do some of your SEO tasks a bit faster.
So, it's not click a button, rank first.
It's click a few buttons and do more
things to help with your SEO. Both for
the classic search engines like Google
and Bing and now the new LM based AI
search engines like GPT, Perplex, Srock.
That's basically like the short pitch of
it. Yeah.
>> Nice. And how long's the the platform?
How long's the tool been running?
>> Yeah, been running for for two years
now. Two year and a half, I think. We
we've rebranded since. It was called
Journalist AI, which is probably the
worst name ever because we were ranking
for a bunch of like irrelevant keywords
like AI journalist, AI journalism. Uh so
we rebranded to Arvo, which doesn't
really mean anything. It's just cooler
and uh won't get us ranked for
irrelevant keywords. So yeah, two years
um and running. Yeah.
>> Got it. So we don't like to mess about
here. We we like to get stuck into to
strategies. Definitely want to know
everything you've tried and what you've
learned along the way. So I suppose it
would be good maybe to almost start from
the start like when you were building
the product, what was the first some of
the first things you tried for when it
came to customer acquisition?
>> I guess we were lucky because I used to
own another company in the past. It was
like it was called Vetiv with three T's.
It was a B2B SEO services marketplace. I
think like Fiverr but just for SEO. And
when I sold it, I I before I sold it, I
had a bunch of connections in the SEO
space with agencies and buyers etc. So
the transition from that other company
to back then journalist AI was the name
was sort of easy because we could easily
validate the idea. Back then it was a if
you go to way back machine you'll see
it. It was just an article generator.
You you put a keyword click a button it
would send you the articles to your
email in a txt file. It was very weird.
Uh but that got us validation and
because one of the things we didn't want
to do was build out this amazing big
product with a bunch of features
>> and then people wouldn't use it. So we
built the simplest MDP ever. So yeah
that got us the first validation. It was
we weren't weren't pioneers in the AI
space in terms of content generation but
it was like a people were getting more
interested in it. So that helped as well
like surfing the wave helped as well in
growing the product. So again, the
beginning beginning is always like
speaking with customers back and forth,
seeing what they what they like, what
they don't like, putting them on Slack,
speaking back and forth with them,
asking for referrals. That was the
beginning. But where things grew,
>> talk us through a bit more about exactly
how you did that because I know
different different founders have got
different ways that they do test
validation and most of us know that the
worst thing you can do is trying to
solve a problem that no one actually has
or that folks aren't willing to pay to
fix. So what were some of the kind of
practical things you did to actually
test validation and prove it was a
product worth selling?
>> Yeah, first thing is don't build useless
features you think people want, right?
Just build what they actually want. And
the way in which we knew it, it was just
literally asking them which is something
we still do till this later. Just
asking, hey, what do you want? Like what
do you want to do? Please like give us
your processes. We back then we we asked
a couple agencies, couple agencies,
excuse me, how does your SEO processes
look like? They told us and then we
thought with them, okay, how can we
implement RAI into some of these
processes to maybe optimize them, you
know,
>> so it was looking at what they were
doing and how we could improve it to
some extent.
>> Gotcha. Okay. In that case, that was SEO
agency operators.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Uh we did have also a lot of
like solopreneurs because a lot of our
marketing was geared towards those
people
>> which is something we sort of are trying
to steer away from. Um because one of
the issues we had in the beginning was
we had the two two of a broad ICP. We're
targeting solarreneurs, SMBs and
agencies and it's very hard to create a
product that tailor to all three, right?
>> I'm guessing that's is that something
you found along the way that kind of the
agency owner was the route that you
wanted to go through that kind of
customer conversation.
>> Yeah, because like agencies are the
power users of our product,
>> meaning they give you give us the most
feedback, right? they they they use the
product more actively and also as you
know like in the SEO space things aren't
instant and usually a solarreneur small
business owner has less money to invest
and they expect results like this and
agencies know that it takes a bit more
time uh to uh to get the results and
also like um agencies know what they're
doing like a local business owner might
not necessarily know what they're doing
so they might not use the software in
the right way that's why we also created
a bunch of content for free on YouTube
with guides tutorials how-tos to sort of
help these people understand how to use
it. Uh but yeah, at the end of the day,
we move towards agencies a lot more.
Yeah.
>> Yeah. I suppose the takeaway here is
when you're trying to identify
features, processes to build and you
have like two or three target markets,
target ideal client profiles that you
can work with. Like one, find the one
that has the expensive problem and two
go after the one that's kind of
motivated to solve it. but also can like
your in your case it was agencies
opposed to soloreneurs the one that's
going to see the value probably less
likely to churn
>> and like thirdly more likely to invest
more over time
>> I do though think that like when you
look at the SAS space eventually every
SAS product moves up market and gets
more expensive that's just how it works
>> but I think when you're starting a SAS I
might be wrong here but you can't really
start it at a high ticket price at least
I I think if we had started Arbo back
then for agencies, we would never be
able to build a a good product for them.
We had to go through the slums and the
shitty features and move up market by
default. I don't think you can just go
up market first try.
>> Got it. So pricing changed quite a bit
over time.
>> Yeah, it's been increasing over time. Uh
because when you look at the data and
you see people buying the highest
package over and over again, you think,
okay, what if we increase the prices?
Will they keep on buying? And so they
will. So you just increase over and over
again. And that also like the pricing
decision was made of course to make more
money as any business should but also to
like deter our nonICP from buying right
because think of it like if you get a
lot of people that are aren't your ICP
like a lot of solarreneurs you get more
support tickets you get more people that
get angry get bad reviews right so it's
a big snowball
>> yeah pricing in itself is like such a
huge thing in B2B like outside of SAS
like it's the same with us right a SAS
or B2B SEO agency I've done it in the
past when we had super low rates. We
attracted all the wrong type of clients.
This was before we niched down to B2B
and SAS. And all those clients expected
the world and expected it for a penny.
And they were terrible for customer
support cuz they were constantly nagging
us for more and more and more. Whereas
when we raised prices, we attracted
better clients and there were less
headaches and they actually appreciated
the value. So yeah, can resonate a lot
with that kind of out.
>> There's a meme for that, right? There's
that meme where like 5k clients expect
like the world whatever 50k clients yeah
here's the money let's go
>> yeah exactly
>> yeah yeah it's 10k money sent
>> good stuff okay so you went through that
groundwork you put that together you
understood kind of who you wanted to go
after pricing perhaps we can chat about
later if it makes sense and then I'm
guessing you you built the you built the
solution and brought it to market was
that was kind of the next play
>> yes so after the initial practice ction.
In fact, at around I think 3K in MR
30,000,
we thought about selling it because we
were having a hard time growing it. I
think there's even a tweet on my Twitter
saying, "Hey, we're selling Rover Fi or
excuse me, selling a journalist AI who
wants to buy it." Thankfully, we didn't
sell uh because we're like at this hump
like we I had done every single thing I
knew how to do to get the initial
traction, which was speaking with my
contacts, my direct connections,
building out the product. They were
liking, they were paying it, but I was
serving on how to find more clients. And
I tested a bunch of stuff. And still to
this day, when when you plateau, we test
a bunch of stuff until something works.
Like our growth isn't like this. It's
like this, this, this, this, you know,
like any business, I think.
>> Um, and that's when I think I I started
doubling down on YouTube. And we can
speak about YouTube SEO as well because
oftenimes I feel like people think about
SEO as just written form, but no, SEO is
everywhere, even podcasts, right? Yeah.
>> And so that's when we started like
hardcore doubling down on YouTube. Like
every single day a video on YouTube for
a full year. I'm talking like 10 to 20
minute videos every single day. Very
hard to do. And as cliche again as it
sounds, like if you want to get stuff
everyone doesn't have, you have to be
doing stuff nobody's doing. And we did a
video every single day like going over
features, uh going over case studies,
going over client results, going over
just SEO news, and of course also
capitalizing on the um the wave, the AI
SEO wave like uh fear-mongering a bit,
just doing marketing on YouTube and
YouTube still is the our biggest driver
at the moment.
>> Yeah.
>> And uh videos we made like last year
still get views today.
>> Got it. Let's talk about that in a sec.
So you got around 3k MR just from the
initial talking to customers. I'm
guessing some of those
>> and Twitter as well.
>> Okay. And Twitter. So I'm guessing
talking to prospects and some of those
became customers. Maybe referred a
couple folks. And
>> we did a lot of building in public on
Twitter like just sharing revenue
screenshots and how much money we were
making. Still I think a lot of people do
this to this day like sharing how much
money they're making.
>> And we were speaking offline about Adam
Robinson from RB2B and uh he he is
crushing on LinkedIn. I think partially
because he shares really openly how much
money he's making etc. And people
appreciate that transparency and also
money goes viral most times, right? So
we're doing that on Twitter.
>> Gotcha. Nice. Nice. So YouTube and I
think what you spoke to then YouTube,
YouTube SEO, it goes, at least from my
experience, it goes way beyond that as
well, especially now with LLMs like
pulling results from all kind of all
kind of channels outside of traditional
websites from the web. So, I think the
fact that YouTube is so underserved in
my opinion in B2B, in SAS, in tech,
there's very few companies that nail it,
but you're one of the few that's kind of
doing really well annoyingly for a lot
of the the SAS SEO and B2B SEO terms
we're going after. And yeah, a lot of
respect cuz like you said, there's a lot
of work that goes on in YouTube and it's
extremely hard to crack. Not many have
done it. So, it' be good. I think a lot
of folks tuning in here would be
interested to go under the bonnet of
one, why you chose to double down and
two, I suppose tactically speaking, how
you think about it.
>> Yeah. I I think YouTube the reason why
it works so well is because
>> real quick, if you're tired of
competitors ranking above you on
Google's organic search results and now
LLMs, meaning those SAS competitors are
stealing traffic, mind share, leads,
signups, and revenue just because they
invested in an SEO program. Will we fix
that for SAS companies and B2B companies
with an unusual approach to SEO and
content marketing? If you want to
schedule a quick call with myself over
at breakingb.com, we can chat through
exactly where you're at now, where you'd
like to get to, see if we're a good
match to start driving pipeline through
SEO and LLM optimization. Head over to
breakingb.com to grab that call or hit
the link in the description below.
Right, back to the video.
>> People buy from people, right? People
buy from people they know, like, and
trust. And the easiest way to make
someone know, like, and trust you is for
them to like see your face and hear your
voice for long periods of time. And
YouTube is the only social media that
allows for that, right? Um, it's long
form video content.
And so that's why we did it. Um, in
terms of like it you you have to be
somewhat you can't be boring, right?
It's you sort of do education.
>> Yeah.
>> Right. First you have to be consistent
with it. Like we were posting for a full
year getting like 100 200 views which
kind of sucked but tim you keep pushing.
You have to be entertaining. You have to
do know where to make the calls to
action. You have to create a thumbnail
and a title combination like a packaging
that the pain of scrolling away is
higher than the pain of clicking it. Uh
Mr. V does this very well. He's the king
of YouTube. Like every single one of
these thumbnails makes you want to
click. Whether that's because there's
like a chainsaw on his face or like a
shark besides him. You want to click to
know what's happening. And that's a bit
harder in the SEO or the B2B boring
space that is B2B, right? Um I'll give
you an example for SEO. Everyone in SEO
knows like the age drafts graphs, right?
So yeah, just plaster a bunch of age
graphs on your thumbnails with a little
arrow. People know what it is. So you're
targeting correct ICP, right? Uh irre
irrelevant people aren't clicking and um
that works great. You see, for example,
in the e-commerce drop shipping niche,
right? Everyone is doing like drop
shipping like content. There's always
like a Stripe screen, excuse me, a
Shopify screenshot. So, yeah, it's hard
for me to give you specifics because I
think you'll come out through one year
and go through to the other. I think the
best way generally is to just give it a
go for like 90 days. Just post every
single day because you learn all the
nuances. Um, and in terms of SEO, like
we have videos that have getting views
for like a year, for example. M
>> going back to my very first company, the
marketplace. Basically, we're a
marketplace like Fiverr, right, with a
bunch of SEO services. And I wanted to
drive traffic to the marketplace through
YouTube. So, what I did was I made a
video for every single service on how to
make that service. For example, we had
this guy that sold Wikipedia pages. So,
I made a video on how to create a
Wikipedia page and it was like a boring
like 30-minute video saying, "Hey,
here's how to do it, etc." And at the
end, it was like, "Okay, you can do all
this yourself or you can just pay this
guy on my marketplace to do this for
you." That was the whole thing.
And that video now shows up if you
search for how to make a Wikipedia page,
how to create a Wikipedia page. So that
same thought process was applied to a
lot of the videos we put out in terms of
the SEO.
>> So do you think about it at a high level
like show your target prospects how to
do it, but at the same time show that it
takes a lot of time, expertise,
resource, and so on. and then show them
how they can alleviate all that pain by
either working with you or working with
your SAS or working with your tool or
your product, whatever the end offer is.
>> Yeah, that's basically it. I think
Hermosi talks about that as well. Uh
like give all everything away for free
and then sell the implementation because
people don't have the work, right? If
you they can press a button on software,
they prefer to do that, right?
>> What what made you think of YouTube by
the way? Like did it just suddenly come
to you? the way people consume content
there because it's long form. They see
my face, they hear my voice for like 20
minutes. I'd much rather have a YouTube
video get 100 views and a LinkedIn post
get a thousand.
>> Even though I know LinkedIn works,
YouTube just we we create a connection.
You feel like you know me more sort of
like a parasocial relationship to some
extent. So that that's been the main
driver. Like what on a percentage scale
of signups to the SAS, what would you
say YouTube is at in terms of the
percentage of of business it brings in?
>> 90 95. Yeah, it's insane.
>> That's a heck of a chunk, isn't it?
>> It's so high that we didn't even want to
focus on other things. We just doubled
down on YouTube to the point where we
had the branded YouTube channel and we
had my YouTube channel. And I thought,
okay, how can we scale this? Well, let
me just create a bunch of different
YouTube channels like Tim SEO tips, the
SEO guru, whatever about SEO. Then let
me hire people and put them on these
channels and have them produce content.
So we as a brand, we own all the assets.
We own all the channels and we just
place creators on each one of them. So
we're building like a media company. At
the same time, we're building a software
business. So anyone who eventually wants
wants to buy our business, they're
buying the whole thing. This is pretty
cool. The hard part though, one tip I
can give is if you're doing this, if
you're outsourcing the content creation,
don't try to hire a content creator
because they're expensive and have a
high ego as they should. Uh, go hire
people and find people you think can
become creators. For example, when I
posted a job on Upwork trying to find
people to create YouTube videos for us,
I only hired people who had an image on
their profile photo and a video on their
presentation because I knew they were
sort of predisposed to showing up on
camera and recording videos. So, you get
those people to do the videos and become
YouTubers.
>> Nice tip. When you're crafting YouTube
content, do you always think from search
perspective first? Like in terms of the
the title?
>> Uh, no. Uh, I do three types of videos.
I do the search based ones which are
like evergreen ones, how to whatever,
whatever. I do um viral like videos, so
videos that get a bunch of views and
then none of them. And then newsbased
video news like uh GPT comes out with a
new model or Google comes out with a new
update. So those three types of videos
because a search based video one can
take a lot a lot of time to get to a lot
of views and it's not guaranteed that
you make a how-to video that's going to
get a lot of views, right? So, there's
that as well. I try to keep a good mix
of of those three types of videos in
there. Yeah.
>> What do you think are the biggest
mistakes that kind of B2B and SAS
companies are making when it comes to
their content, especially on YouTube?
>> I'd say on YouTube is the packaging.
Like, because you can have the best
video ever. You can have the cure for
cancer, but if nobody clicks on it, it's
kind of pointless, right? Spend more
time on the title and thumbnail than you
spend on the actual video. And then also
syndicate it. What we do a lot is we
syndicate the videos to their email list
because back in the day I thought, okay,
most of our clients come from YouTube.
So there's no point in me emailing them
about new videos. No, but there is
because they they they find us once from
YouTube and then they never go back.
>> So now we use uh use customer io for our
email marketing and they allow us to
track the sales that come from each
email, the conversions and we clearly
see actively people buying conversions
when we just syndicate new videos from
YouTube to the email list. So it does
work syndication. So I'd say again the
mistakes would be not spending enough
time on packaging, title and thumbnail
and not syndicating your content.
>> Yeah.
>> How do you think about when it comes to
I'm a big fan of Alex Hoszi as well. I
know a lot of people hate his stuff,
>> but I actually think it's really
practical, especially from a founder
perspective.
>> I think he actually I listen to his
stuff most of the time like if I'm
driving to the gym or to the shops,
whatever. I just think it's one of the
most pract like as possibly
controversial as it sounds like some of
the most practical advice you can get in
terms of building a business because he
actually does it and he breaks down in
quite simple terms which I like having a
simple brain myself.
>> So with that said when it comes to kind
of plugging your own product I think a
lot of folks are scared to do that and
I'd be interested to know how you think
about that. Like we talked about giving
the playbook away for free in your
content. How do you think about then
linking that back to your offer or
product and any tips there?
>> So, I think two things. I think first
thing people don't do enough CTAs. Uh
you have to do more CTAs in specific on
YouTube, right? If you're seeing if you
do like a 10-minute video and average
watch time is like 2 minutes. Well, this
tells you you need to make a CTA before
the 2 minutes. Um so, plug it plug it
away. Like we plug it even too much that
people complain we're just doing like
sales videos, which they all are, right?
People complain sometimes. But I
generally think if you're giving enough
value, people won't care if you're
selling anything. Like on all my videos,
I try to give away every single thing I
know, just like Hermosi does, right?
>> And I guess the the law of reciprocity,
I think that's how you say it, will make
you want to buy from him because he gave
you the most information, right? Another
one is if you really know your product
works, I don't think you'll have any
issue like uh plugging it. If you have
the cure for cancer, you'd be telling
everyone it was amazing, right? So I
think maybe people who don't plug in
enough are not very confident about
their product or their skills. I think
that's maybe the biggest reason.
>> I see a lot of the same in companies
content on their website. Especially
blog posts. It's like you create this
really useful helpful blog article and
then you don't feature your product as a
painkiller or there's like a really
vague plug and it's like we're getting
all this visibility or traffic or users
to this to the page. You need to like
not have a wall of text article, but you
need to clearly plug your visuals,
gifts, examples, customer proof, social
proof, video, case studies. It needs to
not just be an article, but a sales
page. And I think it's a similar context
for for the YouTube like, yeah, give all
the value away, but then position your
product like this. We can solve this for
you and here's the next step. Um,
>> again, people that complain you're
you're plugging too much, well, first
they have time to be haters on on
comments, which
>> yeah,
>> you know,
>> and then they'll never be your
customers. So, again, I think if you
give enough value, whether that's on a
blog post, on a LinkedIn post in content
in general, you have all the right to
plug even. So, even if even if much,
excuse me, if your product is good, plug
away, right? I think that's all you need
to do. Yeah.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. For sure. talk us
through any other marketing channels
that you're running or experiments that
have failed or learnings.
>> Yeah, so paid ads, paid acquisition,
that's the holy grail, right? Spending
$1, making two back. Man, if you can
make that work, you're printing money.
So, we tried a lot of paid ads, a lot of
funnels. We tried um meta ads to a
webinar funnel which had like this high
ticket offer where we paired a course
with the software because like the the
idea of webinar the webinar is like for
SMBs and SMBs from what I found is they
want to learn how to do stuff. So that's
why they have the course component there
and then you sort of add the uh software
as a bonus as a free thing sort of
worked nonprofitly. We then tried on
YouTube. We did a retargeting YouTube
ads
uh for like the webinar registrations.
Didn't work very well as well. Not very
profitable. Uh we tried meta ads to a
VSSL plus book a call funnel. We tried
meta ads to like a free lead magnet with
a like a bunch of email sequences to
nurture the people to get them to buy.
All in all, nothing worked as well as
organic so far, but we're still trying
to crack paid acquisition. In fact, I
had a call with a guy today this morning
about about it. So, we are still trying
to do it. I think from what I've learned
so far, the way in which you crack uh
paid acquisition is through high ticket
offer. Um maybe some of your listeners
know about Alex Becker and how he grew
hyros. All his funnel was was just meta
ads to a VSSL book call funnel for a
yearly plan on hyros.
Uh we spoke about haroszi. Armoi is an
investor in this company called
publishing.com where if you just check
their ads in in meta it's just a ads on
how to make money with Amazon Kindles
whatever to a webinar and on the webinar
they tell you how to make the money they
give you a course plus a free software
on how to do on how to optimize the
thing they're pulling in $50 million a
year 50 which is insane just off of that
webinar so yeah you got to go high
ticket um what else did we try we tried
Reddit posting didn't work right. It's
hard. We did Twitter. It worked well in
the beginning. Uh then we stopped
sharing revenue because we we reached
the point I think at around 10K a month.
We stopped sharing revenue screenshots
because they were like competitors are
coming in. That said, we have
competitors right now that do share
revenue screenshots on on Twitter. And I
mean anytime you share money gets
engagement, get views, and eventually
gets you some clients. I'm just now
trying LinkedIn. Uh yeah, see how that
works. I I I made a tweet like an hour
yesterday where PayPal put out a job
post for $230,000 a year for a role
where it was a person that helped grow
the CEO's personal brand. So like a
personal branding assistant to grow the
CEO's PayPal co personal brand on
LinkedIn. So PayPal is putting like a
lot of money behind like building
personal brands and that's why also on
LinkedIn to build person like yourself
you're on LinkedIn as well and it brings
you ton of leads as you as you share
with me right so
>> it's decent but then I'm I'm guess the
opposite to you I think I got in YouTube
at a later stage and I haven't been
hitting it as aggressively as you which
I'm looking to ramp up over the next
kind of 12 months or so but LinkedIn's
like my all-in channel like I post daily
without fail I try engage on relevant
relevant folks posts to keep up
visibility and all that good stuff. But
yeah, there's only only so many hours in
the day. Um,
>> on that note, we actually had on the
Breaking B2B podcast recently, we had a
guy called Neils, who's the CMO at a
company called Perspective that only
does webinar funnels. So, he they're
doing like I think 10 million AR,
something like that, maybe a bit more in
quite a short space of time, like only a
few years, but he broke down kind of
their funnel, but I'm interested. He
broke down kind of how that works with
the the ads to webinar to kind of
nurture to eventually become a customer
play for SAS and kind of his learnings
along the way. He shared some really
interesting stuff. Like he they're
they're doing super well now, but he's
still jumping on like sessions each and
every week with newly onboarded
customers to like get their feedback on
what they like, what they don't like,
what they want to learn, and all that
kind of stuff, which is which is nice to
hear because I just feel customer
research is just the backbone of of
everything in marketing, like regular
feedback loop from the market. And I
feel like so many marketers and founders
just completely skip it or don't do it
regularly. It's refreshing to hear. But
with that said, what do you think? Like
it sounds like you tried quite a bit on
paid media. So have we. What do you
think with with were the bottlenecks
like what why didn't they work?
>> I think part of it is because organic
when you have organic working so well
you try something new you feel like
you're neglecting the organic and so at
least myself I I don't think I put
enough effort into paid as I should you
know cuz I was feeling like I was
wasting time like why would I be doing
paid if organic is working so well. M
>> um so that's one thing the other thing
is like for example a webinar funnel is
quite complex right it's not just ads to
webinar right it's ads webinar what's
like an hour long you have to speak very
well create the pain point create the
solution
amazing slides then there's this all
this followup behind the webinar to the
replay big it's a very complex funnel so
a lot of things can break right so that
didn't maybe didn't work out very well
>> also tracking tracking nowadays has
become harder. So maybe when I'm looking
at the numbers and seeing we're losing
money, I'm thinking ah maybe this is
very very good and I just just focus on
organic. That's also part of the reason
why I I stopped paid and I just hired
these other creators to publish on our
YouTube channels organically which is
sort of still paid. Not really.
>> You're kind of taking the whole thing
though. Like he always says make the one
thing the one thing, right? And because
organic YouTube has been 95% of your
business and you've proven the model
like just keep doubling down until you
can. Yeah, but it sucks when I'm like
scrolling on Twitter and seeing all
these guys crushing paid ads, you know?
I want to I want to have it as well.
>> I suppose to go under the bonnet of our
business breaking B2B. Like we I was on
the verge of turning off LinkedIn ads
like 3 4 months in after doing several
thousand. I think we're doing 2K not not
tons of cash, but we're targeting like
1,800 cold ICPs with cold ads with my
thought leader ads. So my best organic
posts boosted to these ICPS and
retargeting like our own traffic through
SEO through paid, etc. And it was like
three months in, we got nothing at all.
And I was like, "What is the point of
this? I've burnt so much cash. I just
keep seeing it coming out my Stripe um
out of my bank account." And then got to
month four and I was like, "Oh, we got
we got we got a booked call." And then I
started seeing like the deals that were
in our pipeline being influenced in the
sense that this the like we're an agency
obviously a different different model to
you as a SAS, but I saw the deals in my
pipeline regularly engaging with my ads
and I was like, I like this.
>> And then folks were joining sales school
saying like, "I keep seeing your I was
like, "That's exactly what I want." I
was I'm so glad I didn't switch it off
because with LinkedIn, it's more like a
top of- mind play. So, I suppose
>> that's three months, right? Three months
with uh losing money.
>> Three, four months. Yeah. Yeah. Three,
four months um cash down the drain.
We're we're t we're trying Google ads
right now, but that's still early. Like,
have you tried that? Have you tried
Google Ads just for like specific bottom
funnel longtail searches?
>> Way back in the beginning at 20 22 I
think uh or three it did work. Uh but
then again, YouTube started working
well, so we just scrapped everything and
just focus on YouTube. But again, I want
to I want to give a go ads again.
>> Yeah.
>> Properly.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> Without the the thought of organic in
the back of my mind. But as you said,
like 3 months losing money and you're
looking at the Facebook ads or whatever
and you're think, "Oh, [__] I'm losing
a lot of money. Should I continue with
this? Should I make some tweaks?" You
know? So, yeah.
>> Some sometimes it's just giving it the
runway, isn't it? like giving it a fair
test going with a hypothesis like I
think we we'll get this off the back end
but then it's just the hard part is
giving it the runway it needs but then
there does need to be a time where you
say look I've given it four or five
months it's time to cut it off and learn
and move on to the next experiment
>> then again like the the grass is always
greener right I see people crushing it
with ads but you never know their
margins right and maybe they see me
crushing with organic but you they never
know like other stuff that's going on
right so I guess there's that as well
>> that's one problem with social media as
well, especially LinkedIn. Like most
people post about the wins opposed to
what didn't work and stuff like that.
But um
>> yeah,
>> so is that the main plan for you now?
Just keep doubling down on YouTube,
build out these these other channels and
keep doing those three strategies like
the the evergreen searchable stuff where
you give it all away, the viral shorts
and the kind of showing the product and
>> uh the place to now that we've increased
our prices, target more and more
agencies. And by target, I mean the ones
we have, speak with them, ask them what
they want, what they don't want. So
speaking really with them that's in
terms of product. Uh then yeah, keep
leveling that on YouTube because it's
clearly working and give a go at ads
again one more time cuz I mean if it
works for all these other people can it
should work for us right I'm not sure
about the funnel yet if webinar if it's
sales call if just direct to the you
know
>> I'd be keen to speak to folks that have
done that because I spoke to Neils who
gave a great breakdown for how their
product does it but then just like me
I'm going to be b I'm going to be as an
SEO agency SAS SAS SEO agency I'm biased
towards that as a service he's going to
be biased towards webinar funnels. I'd
like to speak to someone non-biased
who's done it and cracked it. So, I
think I need to get someone like that on
on the YouTube channel, on the podcast
because that would be an interesting
play. I've never tried it adwise. Be
interesting to see.
>> I think people who really crush it with
ads, they don't say they do because it's
it's such a like insane skill. You spend
$1, you make two. Why would you reveal
any of that? It's so valuable, right?
>> So, I think it's going to be tricky, but
who knows?
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. any anything else in
terms of let let's pretend you were
around back to when you first started
this SAS. What would you have wished
you'd started sooner or did sooner that
folks tuning in could learn from?
>> I would say don't build features you
think people want build ones they
actually want. You'd be surprised with
the insane amount of time you spend not
just building the feature but then
maintaining it because things in
software break all the time forever. I
would say in terms of product is that
and also speak more with customers. I
think just around six months ago, we
introduced this like weekly webinars
where we just hop on a call or a Zoom
call with everyone, customers, non-C
customers, just speak back and forth,
not for not for support queries, but
just to get to know them, their pain
points. And I have no data on this, but
I genuinely think that if non-C
customers hop on a call, they see me
again, they see my face, hear my voice
for long periods of time, they're much
more likely if and when they're looking
for software to buy ours other than a
competitor. That ties in with the whole
YouTube thing.
>> Who you doing that to your email list?
>> Yeah.
>> And what are you packaging it as?
>> It it depends. I also always try to make
it a bit different. It's like a Q&A call
or if there's like a new Google update.
Hey, let's talk about this Google update
or whatever. I try to make it different.
>> Okay. So, you're you're packaging it
like vaguely related to the niche that
you're in as like a useful useful
session to join.
>> Yeah. Because I never want to ask people
for stuff. When I give people stuff, as
cringe as that sounds, for example, when
we ask for reviews, we don't ask for
reviews. We say, "Hey, do you want to
hop on a call so we can help you maybe
improve the users of your product?" And
so, of course, they say yes, cuz we're
giving them something. And then once
we're on the call, after we help them,
hey, we ask for something. I think
Hermosi talks about this as well. It
works so so well
>> because before we were just asking, hey,
give us a review. Nobody gave us a
review, right? Now, we're giving them
something and then give us something
back.
>> Yeah, that's nice. That's a nice tip for
sure.
>> And then just one last thing, uh churn
is very hard to tackle. We tried
everything like this big complex churn
sequence where you had to not that you
had to book a call, but you had to watch
the video then click here, click what
the big thing with win back sequences,
nothing really worked. I'd say the best
thing to reduce churn is choosing the
right customer.
>> Yeah.
>> Like the right ICP. That's the biggest
thing. And I think you can agree as well
with you right with this. If you have
the right customer, they'll never churn.
if you have like a shitty customer.
>> Yeah, I I can only speak from an
agency's perspective. OB 95% of our
clients are B2B SAS for our SEO agency,
>> so I've not ran a SAS, but I work with a
lot of SAS. I talk to a lot of marketing
lead. I think that's I think that's a
fair point, like nailing ICP.
>> And I think what you're doing is like
pretty much spot on from the the
feedback loop perspective. Like make
sure you're building. In fact, it's kind
of making me want to do live sessions
for our customers. Like just even just
existing customers, just just get share
them. I'm probably similar to you in the
fact that I like to just give the
playbook away. Whether that's on the
podcast, whether that's on LinkedIn,
like we run so many weird experiments
ranging from asking the public what they
think about SEO and how to get top of
Google to me running around in a
Superman outfit in my local town to all
this kind of stupid stuff to triing
LinkedIn thought leader ads. And I kind
of feel like like you said, if you're
having a an open feedback loop with your
prospects, whether they're customers or
not or both, and like you're just
sharing like what's working on the
brightest broader spectrum of your
niche, they're going to just find that
useful.
>> Yeah.
>> You can answer some questions around the
product or the service or the offer as
they go because they're probably going
to get brought up and it just increases
customer happiness.
>> And you never know who can join, right?
If the link is public, anyone can join.
A friend of a friend, agency owner who's
not a client yet, we might might join.
Also, something we do like on as a call
to action on the calls is like I tell
people to like put a number in the chat
and I just randomize a a random number
generator and the winner gets a free
month of our SA.
>> So, we get a user in it is free but they
test use a product and then if they like
it the next month they'll pay for it.
So, we try to have always a call to
action on the calls.
>> Got it.
>> Very nice. But how big is your
newsletter right now? I
>> think around 20k but none of them not
all them open the emails of course.
>> That's decent though. What what's been
the biggest driver of kind of building
signups for that?
>> Well, it's we have a free trial on our
homepage, so it's that we never really
use a lot of like uh lead magnets. We
probably should, but I do think that the
reason why I haven't done it, YouTube to
lead magnet
>> is because um I feel like people who are
want freebies don't really buy stuff,
but I could be wrong there.
>> Not a bad hypothesis. Could be tested.
Um yeah, no, fair enough. Just before we
wrap up, tell me how you think about
Sorry to cut you up there. I was just
looking at the we have 64,000 people in
the list.
>> Oh, you've got 64 subs and most of those
most of those basically come from free
signups. So, there'll be a mix of kind
of free and paid members.
>> Yeah. Out of these 64k people. Uh
there's a bunch of pre-members, a bunch
of spam maybe as well, and a bunch of
paid ones. Yeah.
>> Yeah. I really like that that kind of
round round table Q&A idea that's
packaged as something super useful for
the community. And I like the idea of
even saying like you probably do this
already, but like bring a friend or
bring someone you know who's relevant in
the niche and just build.
>> And also what you can do since you're
doing it live, you might as well just
syndicate it to YouTube live because
YouTube pushes lives very very like a
lot. Yeah.
>> A lot. You'll notice that if if you
subscribe to a couple of accounts, if
they're live on your subscription feed
on the left hand side, the ones who are
live are always on the top um and even
on the homepage, they're always on the
top left hand side uh corner. But
YouTube pushes live a lot.
>> Got it. Are you doing that?
>> No, I'm not. I should even Twitter,
right? On Twitter on the homepage, it
pushes out on the right hand side
everyone that's live.
>> I should I say a lot of stuff that I
don't do that I should be doing.
>> Oh, same here, man. I think that's just
the life of a B2B founder. There's
always there's always an idea a day.
It's just getting the time and resource.
Lastly, talk to us about what you think
about and what you've done when it comes
to pricing strategy. I think you can
over complicate it, but I think it's
about moving up market as you grow.
Let's say you have three plans and most
your sales come from the highest plan.
Well, you should probably increase your
prices. So, that's what we do. We we try
to So, most recently, we increased our
prices, I think, a bit too much. And I
was thinking, okay, yeah, we going to
have less sales, but the sales that come
in from the higher prices will offset
the loss in sales. And I'm I'm now
starting to see that succeeding. But for
like a month or so we were bit scared.
Um but I think in terms of pricing at
least me as a consumer when I see
something cheap I expect it to be cheap.
When something is expensive I expect it
to be valuable. So if you want to move
up market or get like a better ICP or an
agency having an higher price like also
increases the perceived value of your
software and also increases again the
the quality of the the customer. So they
might complain less if something breaks.
They might be a bit more tolerant. So,
we just increase the prices as we go as
we look at the data and as we want to
position to different markets. I think
our initial price was like $9 a month.
Our cheapest version now is like 59. So,
it's quite a steep increase. But, um
also like we keep improving the product,
right? You get more features, you get
more data, you get more cool stuff,
right? So, it makes sense.
>> Do you think there was like were your
roadblocks to upping prices? Was it more
psychological like in your own head that
you didn't think you could do it quick
as quick as you could or were there
other levers that pulled that made you
feel that the product was then ready to
price higher?
>> I was afraid that cuz again most our
users come from YouTube. I was afraid
that if I increase prices too much, the
current people who were watching the
current content we were making wouldn't
buy because we were making like not that
we were not that we were making like how
to make money online type content. We
weren't, but uh we weren't making
content that was maybe geared towards
agencies and maybe we still aren't too
much. But I was afraid that the leads
that were coming in would be like
unqualified for the prices we were could
be charging. That makes sense.
>> That's fair. I think we all think it
it's like when we raised our prices a
tiny bit. I think one of our like our
most popular tier is like 5.5k US for
fully managed SEO for B2B SAS. Like we
raised the the price a while back by 500
bucks and I thought, "Oh no, we can't do
it. No one's going to buy anymore." and
then CMO VP of marketing looks it no
problem let's go ahead it's all in your
head for that kind of stuff like yes
baseline you need to deliver a good
product and good service and good
customer success that goes without
saying when you uptick your prices by a
small amount like no one actually
considered it considers it that much if
you've got your ICP nailed on
>> yeah I think it's always like a issue
with value right if you sell me if I pay
if if I pay you 5k and you get me 10 I
don't mind paying 5k Right? So it's only
a matter of
>> showing the value. For example, for our
new SAS, like what we do is we
essentially replace your customer
support guy. So sort of if you're paying
him like 2K a month, 24K a year, like if
we cost like a tenth of that and we can
show you clearly, hey listen, we do what
this guy's doing for a tenth of the
price. It's clearly that you can show
the value. So I don't think it's a price
issue. I think it's a value issue. Often
times if people aren't paying what
you're charging, it's because they don't
see the value. That's it. And I suppose
it's also knowing again, it all comes
down to targeting the right prospects.
Knowing that your offer is considerably
more valuable or the cost of inaction or
the cost of their status quo or using a
different alternative is like more
painful, more costworthy, etc., compared
to using your offer and making sure like
in my case, the folks I target are
selling a decent ticket, a high ticket
offer that makes it worthwhile. So the
invest the return on investment is going
to be faster or likewise out with your
SAS. That's a big one for agencies,
right? Working with people that sell for
example high ticket stuff that you know
your services can bring them a positive
ROI. That's that's a big one. Yeah.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Cool, man. I enjoyed
it. Thanks for thanks for sharing
everything when it comes to kind of
what's worked for for SAS marketing for
your company and yeah, really
appreciate. I'm sure our audience will
find it useful. So, with that said,
please do share more about how anyone
tuning in can find out about yourself,
the the SAS and the best way to get in
touch.
>> Hard on LinkedIn. I'll just say
LinkedIn. So, my name Vasco Monttero.
Just go on LinkedIn. I'll become The
goal is to become an influencer by the
end of the year. So, we'll see how that
goes.
Maybe I'll become bigger than Sam. Who
knows?
And uh yeah, just find me on LinkedIn.
That's that's all. And I guess if anyone
wants to give a go at Arro, you can just
use the code. Let's do Sam 15 for 15%
off. There you go.
>> There we go. We'll put all those links
in the description below. Appreciate it,
man. Enjoyed the chat.
>> Yep. Likewise. And there we have it.
Marketing strategies that work today
from a SAS founder themsself. And if
you're maybe a SAS marketer or founder
that's just starting to get a bit tired
of seeing competitors above you in
Google's organic search results and now
LLMs, meaning those competitors are
enjoying all those leads, signups, and
potential revenues that could be yours.
Well, we might be able to fix that for
you over at breakingb.com. You can
schedule a call with me. We can share
some tips, ideas, and insights that
might start making SEO a top inbound
lead pipeline driver for your B2B or
SAS. That's breaking B2B.com or hit the
link in the description below. Or if
you're not ready, check out the Breaking
B2B newsletter for weekly tips,
insights, as well as my free 90 days to
revenue playbook. Or you can check out
the Breaking B2B podcast for regular
interviews and solo episodes. With that,
I'll catch you on the next one. Cheers.